hey Randy just thought let you hear this
guitar you mentioned about the strumming
but I'm trying to include some pictures
two of these boy this pattern of wood up
you can see that but I'm going to
include some pictures usually you just
see these kind of tops on guitars just
as an example I was at a store down
south of me I saw top like that son of
martin it was fourteen thousand dollars
but that's what's so great about the
music link that they buy a really really
good wood so I'm going to send you some
pictures of this top it's just got these
sideways soaking patterns all over the
top and this particular RT 10 just has a
wonderful sound
these are old strings on here to Randy's
so you'll get a lot more tongue with new
restraint
little has a nice town
you
this is really a great sounding box man
that's why I love working with this
company but this that I just tried all
three and this one sounds the best to me
and like I said you can see these
silking patterns that go across the
grain anytime you and it's not it's not
anytime you see those it's a
better species of spruce and whoever
does the buying of the wood for the
music link really is dialed in it's got
some great connections this one also has
a really beautiful back it's got a
stripe mahogany back you can see these
big patterns of striped mahogany any
time Randy I've been doing this for a
long long time and I've learned a lot
about would any time you can see those
patterns like that and in wood it's a
higher quality wood when it has more
patterns like that when you see like
striped like that and you can move the
guitar and look at those stripes but
anytime you have like that that kind of
stripes like that it's a better sounding
would but this is an incredible box
really has a nice sound
you
I haven't played it all the day so
excuse the rough demo but you mentioned
you kind of want to hear it's time I
understand but what it's an icebox I'll
do the case for 49 and I'll give you a
free CD okay and I'm the only only guy
that would go to this much trouble Randy
I'm happy to do it by the way but no
other dealers going to let you see the
actual exact guitar that you're going to
be buying nobody that does this but me
everybody else is too busy they don't
believe enough in the customer service
Pam I'm I'm unique I'm the only guy who
really will take the time to let you
really get to know the exact guitar
you're going to buy because I'm
semi-retired I better source of income
and you know this is just kind of a fun
thing I do take